http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AF.htm Afghanistan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AL.htm Albania
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_DZ.htm Algeria
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AS.htm AmericanSamoa
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_IN_AN.htm AndamanandNicobarIslandsIndia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AD.htm Andorra
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AO.htm Angola
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AI.htm Anguilla
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ANAX.htm Antarctica
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AG.htm AntiguaandBarbuda
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AR.htm Argentina
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AM.htm Armenia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AW.htm Aruba
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SH.htm AscensionIsland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AU.htm Australia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AU_CHRX.htm AustraliaChristmasIsland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AT.htm Austria
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AZ.htm Azerbaijan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PT_AZOX.htm AzoresPortugal
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BS.htm Bahamas
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BH.htm Bahrain
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ES_PM.htm BalearicIslandsSpain
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ID.htm BaliIndonesia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BD.htm Bangladesh
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BB.htm Barbados
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BY.htm Belarus
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BE.htm Belgium
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BZ.htm Belize
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BJ.htm Benin
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BM.htm Bermuda
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BT.htm Bhutan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BO.htm Bolivia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ID_BORX.htm BorneoIndonesia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MY_BORX.htm BorneoMalaysia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BA.htm BosniaandHerzegovina
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BW.htm Botswana
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BR.htm Brazil
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GB_VIRX.htm BritishVirginIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BN.htm BruneiDarussalam
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BG.htm Bulgaria
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BF.htm BurkinaFaso
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MM.htm Burma
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_BI.htm Burundi
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KH.htm Cambodia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CM.htm Cameroon
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CA.htm Canada
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ES_CANX.htm CanaryIslandsSpain
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CV.htm CapeVerde
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KY.htm CaymanIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CF.htm CentralAfricanRepublic
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TD.htm Chad
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CL.htm Chile
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CL_EASX.htm ChileEasterIsland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CN.htm China
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_HK.htm ChinaHongKong
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MO.htm ChinaMacao
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TIBX.htm ChinaTibet
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AU_CHRX.htm ChristmasIslandAustralia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CO.htm Colombia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KM.htm Comoros
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CG.htm Congo
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CK.htm CookIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CR.htm CostaRica
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CI.htm Coted'Ivoire
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_HR.htm Croatia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CU.htm Cuba
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CY.htm Cyprus
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CZ.htm CzechRepublic
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KP.htm DemocraticPeople'sRepublicofKorea
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_DK.htm Denmark
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_FO.htm DenmarkFaroeIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_DJ.htm Djibouti
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_DM.htm Dominica
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_DO.htm DominicanRepublic
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CD.htm DRCongo
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TL.htm EastTimor
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CL_EASX.htm EasterIslandChile
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_EC.htm Ecuador
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_EC_W.htm EcuadorGalapagos
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_EG.htm Egypt
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SV.htm ElSalvador
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GQ.htm EquatorialGuinea
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ER.htm Eritrea
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_EE.htm Estonia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ET.htm Ethiopia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_FK.htm FalklandIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_FO.htm FaroeIslandsDenmark
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_FJ.htm Fiji
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_FI.htm Finland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_FR.htm France
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GF.htm FrenchGuiana
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PF.htm FrenchPolynesia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GA.htm Gabon
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_EC_W.htm GalapagosEcuador
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GM.htm Gambia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GE.htm Georgia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_DE.htm Germany
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GH.htm Ghana
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GI.htm Gibraltar
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GR.htm Greece
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GL.htm Greenland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GD.htm Grenada
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GP.htm Guadeloupe
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GU.htm Guam
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GT.htm Guatemala
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GN.htm Guinea
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GW.htm GuineaBissau
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GY.htm Guyana
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_HT.htm Haiti
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_HN.htm Honduras
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_HK.htm HongKongChina
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_HU.htm Hungary
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_IS.htm Iceland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_IN.htm India
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_IN_AN.htm IndiaAndamanandNicobarIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ID.htm Indonesia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ID_BORX.htm IndonesiaBorneo
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_IR.htm Iran
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_IQ.htm Iraq
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_IE.htm Ireland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_IL.htm Israel
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_IT.htm Italy
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CI.htm IvoryCoast
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_JM.htm Jamaica
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SJ.htm JanMayenNorway
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_JP.htm Japan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_JO.htm Jordan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KZ.htm Kazakhstan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KE.htm Kenya
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KI.htm Kiribati
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CS_KOSX.htm Kosovo
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KW.htm Kuwait
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KG.htm Kyrgyzstan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LA.htm Laos
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LV.htm Latvia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LB.htm Lebanon
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LS.htm Lesotho
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LR.htm Liberia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LY.htm Libya
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LI.htm Liechtenstein
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LT.htm Lithuania
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LU.htm Luxembourg
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MO.htm MacaoChina
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MK.htm Macedonia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MG.htm Madagascar
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PT_MADX.htm MadeiraPortugal
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MW.htm Malawi
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MY.htm Malaysia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MY_BORX.htm MalaysiaBorneo
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MV.htm Maldives
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ML.htm Mali
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MT.htm Malta
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_VE.htm MargaritaIslandVenezuela
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MH.htm MarshallIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MQ.htm Martinique
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MR.htm Mauritania
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MU.htm Mauritius
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_YT.htm Mayotte
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MX.htm Mexico
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_FM.htm Micronesia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MD.htm Moldova
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MC.htm Monaco
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MN.htm Mongolia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MOTX.htm Montenegro
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MS.htm Montserrat
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MA.htm Morocco
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MZ.htm Mozambique
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MM.htm Myanmar
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NA.htm Namibia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NR.htm Nauru
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NP.htm Nepal
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NL.htm Netherlands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AN.htm NetherlandsAntilles
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NC.htm NewCaledonia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NZ.htm NewZealand
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NI.htm Nicaragua
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NE.htm Niger
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NG.htm Nigeria
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NU.htm Niue
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KP.htm NorthKorea
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_MP.htm NorthernMarianaIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_NO.htm Norway
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SJ.htm NorwaySvalbardandJanMayen
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_OM.htm Oman
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PK.htm Pakistan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PW.htm Palau
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PS.htm PalestinianAutonomousTerritories
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PA.htm Panama
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PG.htm PapuaNewGuinea
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PY.htm Paraguay
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PE.htm Peru
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PH.htm Philippines
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GB_PITX.htm PitcairnIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PL.htm Poland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PT.htm Portugal
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PT_AZOX.htm PortugalAzores
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PT_MADX.htm PortugalMadeira
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PR.htm PuertoRico
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_QA.htm Qatar
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KR.htm RepublicofKorea
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_RE.htm Reunion
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_RO.htm Romania
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_RU.htm Russia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_RW.htm Rwanda
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SH.htm SaintHelena
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KN.htm SaintKittsandNevis
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LC.htm SaintLucia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AN.htm SintMaartenNetherlandsAntilles
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PM.htm SaintPierreandMiquelon
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_VC.htm SaintVincentandtheGrenadines
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_WS.htm Samoa
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SM.htm SanMarino
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ST.htm SaoTomeandPrincipe
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SA.htm SaudiArabia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SN.htm Senegal
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CS.htm Serbia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SC.htm Seychelles
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SL.htm SierraLeone
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SG.htm Singapore
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SK.htm Slovakia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SI.htm Slovenia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SB.htm SolomonIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SO.htm Somalia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ZA.htm SouthAfrica
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_KR.htm SouthKorea
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SD_S.htm SouthSudan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ES.htm Spain
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ES_PM.htm SpainBalearicIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ES_CANX.htm SpainCanaryIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_LK.htm SriLanka
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SD.htm Sudan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SR.htm Suriname
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SJ.htm SvalbardandJanMayenNorway
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SZ.htm Swaziland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SE.htm Sweden
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_CH.htm Switzerland
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SY.htm Syria
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_PF.htm TahitiFrenchPolynesia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TW.htm Taiwan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TJ.htm Tajikistan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TZ.htm Tanzania
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TH.htm Thailand
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TIBX.htm TibetChina
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TL.htm TimorLeste
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TG.htm Togo
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TK.htm Tokelau
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TO.htm Tonga
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TT.htm TrinidadandTobago
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_SH.htm TristandeCunha
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TN.htm Tunisia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TR.htm Turkey
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TM.htm Turkmenistan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TC.htm TurksandCaicosIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TV.htm Tuvalu
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_AE.htm UnitedArabEmirates
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_UG.htm Uganda
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_UA.htm Ukraine
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GB.htm UnitedKingdom
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_UY.htm Uruguay
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_US.htm UnitedStates
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_UZ.htm Uzbekistan
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_VU.htm Vanuatu
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_VE.htm Venezuela
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_VN.htm VietNam
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_GB_VIRX.htm VirginIslandsBritish
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_VI.htm VirginIslandsUSA
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_UM.htm WakeIslandandtheUSPacificIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_WF.htm WallisandFutunaIslands
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_EH.htm WesternSahara
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_YE.htm Yemen
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ZM.htm Zambia
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_TZ.htm ZanzibarTanzania
http://www.nathnac.org/ds/c_pages/country_page_ZW.htm Zimbabwe
